Let's do more brokes.
So they come kids category or going up in the back and in the pros and then you have a new bro.
And in this case we want to use
maybe the soap.
Number five
and that's these when five at number 10 so what are we going to
probably you know or Broglie's soon to be these one at about a bar soap then we're going to have the
description
the president is three and it's going to become Keets and we need to have some brothers that's individually
much of what are going to apply the match and to be number five.
And that's what going on.
Another one is going to be number three and I think
so it's going to be the other one the one based thing we're going to compete is this clip shown
page right.
These are the prices.
Twenty eight.
Again we're going to use some kids
nap said the brother.
You mentioned it with this one and I got up to brother so maybe you were going to use these essential
oils.
His mentor was better.
Yeah maybe this one essentially is the golden ratio.
So we're going to copius in new
ways racier are going to copy these men up as the race and race.
Brice's 50 and so it's not that that since show you.
And that and then what are going to be the match
so I this one is better.
So broke and publish so we come out it three pounds right here.
Now you can see the most brothers that you have definitely.
This story is going to look better.
So what went out of the front in and now you can see that we're printing four different brokes in the
next video we're when I finish these charcoal to display exactly what we want.
We can pass several parameters to these charcoal and I'm going to show you some of them in the next
video.